[Music]
hi my name is Scott Wasserman from dext
New York studios with howdini comm today
I did a very sexy boho-chic braid on
Kylie's hair that all the Hollywood star
is aware and I'm going to show you how
to create the look you're gonna need a
tail comb some bobby pins some hairspray
and some clips to hold the hair back so
my model Kyla she has beautiful long
locks this type of braid or this type of
style can go with any type of hair it
could be curly straight short it doesn't
matter what you want to generally look
at though is where your identified part
start if your identified part starts on
the side you could start the braid from
where the part starts if you have a
natural part that's in the middle you're
going to want to start the braids here
and work it way back with Kylie's hair
because her hair is parted on the side
and it looks great all nice and curl
like this we're going to start from
right here where her natural part starts
so I'm going to take the section that I
imagine that I want to braid and I'm
just going to take that out
okay
then what you're gonna do is you're
gonna start from the top
whatever the part is take a little piece
of hair a little piece you're gonna
break it in three I have it in three
sections right now I'm gonna do my first
braid which is gonna be like this
I've already started it there's my start
I take this piece and I connect it to
the underneath hair so now I'm taking it
I'm bringing it over I'm taking this
piece and I'm connecting it with the
underneath hair see how I just connected
it so basically what I'm doing it's
called the technique it's sort of like a
French braid but now I'm in the front
now this hair I'm gonna connect it with
this bottom piece see so I drop that
with the bottom piece and then I'm
connecting it then I'm gonna do the same
thing on top I'm gonna take the
underneath hair and I'm connecting it
with that and then I'm bringing it over
taking this piece there's no connection
I'm connecting it to the bottom any hair
texture any type of hair cut and let you
have a Sinead O'Connor ball cut it's not
going to work but any texture will work
with the braid all right so we're almost
done with the braid I had made it a
little bit of a loose braid because it's
it's very relaxed boho look it's okay if
some of the pieces are sticking out
because this hair is gonna go underneath
and then you're gonna trap it you're
gonna take this little bit right here
and you're just going to bring it behind
it here now when you're securing it with
a bobby pin you want to do an X
formation the X formation is what's
going to hold the hair in place without
it moving
see then you're gonna take the hair that
you've separated in the beginning you're
gonna throw it over the braid I'm gonna
finish it off with Pantene eyes shines
hairspray
just to hold down the baby there and
voila there you have it I just created
the boho chic braid on Kyla
I'm Scott last min for howdini calm
[Music]